Palestinian mother is almost
inconsolable as she describes her failed
attempt to flee from northern
Gaza we were on our way to the South and
the two men who were accompanying us
were martyred we were bombed suddenly we
started running my baby hasn't eaten
anything I don't know what to do now the
situation is so dire at alifa hospital
she pleads with doctors to help feed her
baby May needs some milk help oh God
please have mercy on us intense fighting
in gaza's north and a lack of Food
Supplies has left Palestinians with no
choice but to
leave these children are starving they
have no food or water we are heading
south hoping to find some nourishment we
have absolutely nothing
here Israel's Army designated the Al
rashed Street which connects the North
to the South as a safe Corridor it's
proving to be anything but but
that a shell was fired while people were
on their way to the South many people
were killed or
injured I was packed and I was heading
south here is my bag stained with the
blood of those who were
injured the wounded arrive at alifa
hospital seeking refuge and medical care
as Israel continues its Relentless
offensive in Gaza it is clear the young
and innocent continue to pay the
heaviest price Kaye Callahan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz